My name’s Anton A. Shekhurdin, born in 1978, live in Moscow, not married.
I finished high-school education in 1995, and the same year entered Moscow Institute of Electronics and Mathematics (MIEM). Having been studied for speciality ‘Computing machines, complexes, systems and networks’, I’ve got the diploma of engineer in 2001. During that time was under the army service and had got rank of leutenant. Simultaneously I’ve been graduated for ‘Management’ speciality and had got such diploma in 2002.
I had been working at the automation department of the engineering company ‘Kedr-89’  since February of 2000 till October 2005. Took deal with projecting, developing tech documentation and specifications, managing of logistics, and  equipment adjustment for automatic control systems at oil refining industry. Have got skills of work with nomenclature and soft applications by Samson (valves), Endress+Hauser (measuring devices) and others. Also got deal with AutoCAD, OrCAD, P-CAD. Designed ‘field’ equipment lists of parameters. Have been taking part in the number of projects for Rosneft, Slavneft, Transbunker, Moscow Oil Refinary Plant, and number of others.
Was an engineer at section EVA of MIEM since December of 2004. In 2007 have graduated dissertation and have got science rank of candidate of the technical sciencies with speciality ‘Elements and devices of digital equipment and control systems’. Since September 2007 had been working as senior teacher at former EVA section, that was renamed to ‘Sector of information and communication technologies’. Up to September 2008 I led the number of courses, practical lessons and diploma’s design. Also had been making programms for Intel, Microchip and Atmel microcontrollers and had written the manual for the ‘Metrology, standardization and certification’ course.
Had being employed at ‘APREO’ company since September of 2008 to May of 2011. Was placed at positions of chief manager and chief engineer of motor transport division. Was educated of industry’s safety labor.
Since July 2011 till March 2016 had being worked as information security engineer at IT-integrator ‘TRINITY SOLUTIONS JSC’. Have studied courses like ‘Security of information technologies’, ‘Continent cryptography complex’, ‘Network administration’, ‘Administration of Check Point Security Engineering R77’, ‘Lumension Device Control Administrator Course’. Have got knowledge for equipment of Security Code, Aladdin, CheckPoint, Symantec, SuperMicro Servers. Had finished the number of personal information defense projects, projects of revisions for special requirements, and security equipment’s logistic projects. With my direct participation our company had got the license for technical defense of information and the license for cryptography data processing.
Now I’m looking for practice at the information security sphere with the level of salary up from ?50000.
Have got 3 tech patents.
My hobbies are fencing, numismatics, Linux, web-design.

Contacts:
tel. +7-903-1205080
e-mail anton@shekhurdin.ru, 1001110@mail.ru
ICQ ant1001110
